Now let's see how we can print out the nodes in the tree in a of structure.
I'm just going to walk through the final solution
because it might take a while to actually write this out in code.
But you can see it's using breadth-first search by using a queue.
So what looks familiar is that if it has a left child then add it to the queue,
if it has a right child, add it to the queue.
What's different now is that I also want to keep track of when
there's no child because I still want to leave a space for it here.
As you can see, I want to leave a place holder even
when there is actually no left or right child.
So what I'm doing here is I'm going to check if it has a child then add it, but if not,
I'm just going to add none,
and that's going to let me know that when I
visit something and it's actually there's no child there,
then I'm just going to have a place holder and call it empty.
The other thing is that after I visited all the nodes,
I want to be able to print them out so that they're all on their respective levels.
This is level zero, level one,
level two, level three.
To do that for my visit order list,
I'm also going to keep track of what level the node was on when I append it.
I'm keeping track of the level.
They'll starts at zero.
For example, let's say the root node is level zero.
When I add the children of the level zero node,
they're going to be level 0 plus 1, so level one.
Similarly, all of these are going to be
incrementing the level by one when we're adding child nodes.
This print statement is going to keep track of the levels when it prints things out.
If the level is still the same,
then they just keep it on the same row,
but when the level of the node is now the next level,
then I just want to add a new line character.
So when I print it out, it will display on a new line.
As an example, I'm going to create that tree where it's apple,
banana, cherry, dates, and I'm going to print out the tree.
You can see there's apple is the root,
it's left child has banana,
right child is cherry,
and then bananas left child is dates,
and then all these empties our placeholders just to keep everything lined up.